docs: adds intent of Validation and Mutation (#292)
open-policy-agent/gatekeeper-library: README.md

A community-owned library of policies for the [OPA Gatekeeper project](https://open-policy-agent.github.io/gatekeeper/website/docs/).

## Validation and Mutation
The library consists of two main components: `Validation` and `Mutation`.

> - Validation: Gatekeeper validates the resources in the cluster against the policies defined in the library. The policies are defined as `ConstraintTemplates` and `Constraints`. The `ConstraintTemplates` define the policy logic and the `Constraints` define the parameters for the policy.

Reviewer: Something like: "constraint templates" can be applied directly to a cluster. You then apply "constraints" to customize policy to fit your specific needs.

For mutation: "Mutation policies are only examples, they should be customized to meet your needs before being applied"

> - Validation: Gatekeeper validates the resources in the cluster against the policies defined in the library. The policies are defined as `ConstraintTemplates` and `Constraints`. `ConstraintTemplates` can be applied directly to a cluster and then `Constraints` can be applied to customize policy to fit your specific needs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Validation: Gatekeeper can validate resources in the cluster against Gatekeeper policies, such as the policies defined in the library. The policies are defined as `ConstraintTemplates` and `Constraints`. `ConstraintTemplates` can be applied directly to a cluster and then `Constraints` can be applied to customize policy to fit your specific needs.
```

> - Mutation: Gatekeeper mutates the resources in the cluster against the policies defined in the library. Mutation policies are only examples, they should be customized to meet your needs before being applied.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Mutation: Gatekeeper can mutate resources in the cluster against the Gatekeeper mutation policies, such as these defined in the library. Mutation policies are only examples, they should be customized to meet your needs before being applied.
```
